.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH opml2snow 1 "October 22, 2004"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)

.SH NAME
opml2snow \- snownews OPML subsription file import/export utility

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B opml2snow
.RI [ options ] " file.opml " ...

.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B opml2snow
command.
This manual page was written for the Debian distribution
because the original program does not have a manual page.

.PP
.B opml2snow
is a PERL script that will convert an OPML
.RI ( "Outline Processor Markup Language" )
list of RSS subscriptions to the snownews format or export snownews'
internal subscription format to an OPML file.
It accepts input either on stdin, or as a list of files on the command\-line.
By default it will print to stdout, but if you want to append the output
to your subsription list instead, redirect the output with >> ~/.snownews/url

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show a few brief usage examples.
.TP
.B \--export [urls file]
Export snownews' subscription list to an OPML file. It reads from
~/.snownews/urls by default if you don't pass an optional file location.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR snownews (1).
.PP
The OPML spec, available online at:
.RI < http://opml.scripting.com/spec >

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Joe Nahmias <jello@debian.org>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
